BigAnimal: clarifying BAH behavior (#4285)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/biganimal/release/getting_started/creating_a_cluster/index.mdx

    Private networking allows only IP addresses in your private network to connect to your cluster.  

>     If you are using private networking and you're using BigAnimal's cloud account, you must enter your cloud service provider's account information. BigAnimal uses it for logging and telemetry and for customers using private networking. If you're using private networking, this information also allows BigAnimal to provide you with a service name, which you can use to connect to your cluster privately. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you are using private networking and you're using BigAnimal's cloud account, you must enter your cloud service provider's account information. BigAnimal uses it to auto-approve your Private Endpoints and also to provide access for logging and telemetry. To be able to create your Private Endpoint, BigAnimal will provide you with the corresponding service name, which you can use to connect to your cluster privately. 
```
